Maintenance (#64)
cirKITers/Quafel: README.md

pytest
mkdocs build
```
</details>

## Usage :rocket: 

Without any configuration needed, you can execute
```
kedro run --pipeline prepare
```
followed by
```
kedro run
```
and a default pipeline should run. In this and following examples the leading `poetry run` is omitted for simplicity.

Note that is required to always run the "prepare" pipeline in advance to any actual processing pipeline.
This is because of the current implementation relies on dynamically created nodes that are depending on the configuration and therefore requiring two separate pipeline executions.

In summary, the following pipelines exist:
- "prepare" : generates all possible combinations of configurations based on the current parameter set

> - `measure` : performs the actual time measurement by executing experiments for each of the previously generated configuration with the ability to parallelize processing

Reviewer: Grammar mistake:

```suggestion
- `measure` : performs the actual time measurement by executing experiments for each of the previously generated configurations with the ability to parallelize processing
```

> - `ctmeasure` : continous a previous time measurement

Reviewer: I don't get this one. What do you mean here?

> - `measure` : performs the actual time measurement by executing experiments for each of the previously generated configuration with the ability to parallelize processing
> - `ctmeasure` : continous a previous time measurement
> - `combine` : gathers all the results from the `measure` pipeline and combines them into a single output dataset
> - `visualize` : takes the combined experiment results and generates some nice plots

Reviewer: Here, the style is different from your first pipeline. The first one is quoted while these are marked as monospace. So please decide on a consistent format, e.g.

```suggestion
- "measure" : performs the actual time measurement by executing experiments for each of the previously generated configuration with the ability to parallelize processing
- "ctmeasure" : continous a previous time measurement
- "combine" : gathers all the results from the `measure` pipeline and combines them into a single output dataset
- "visualize" : takes the combined experiment results and generates some nice plots
```

> - `visualize` : takes the combined experiment results and generates some nice plots

Reviewer: Implicit rating :)

```suggestion
- `visualize` : takes the combined experiment results and generates your plots
```

The "default" pipeline covers `measure`, `combine` and `visualize`.
You can run them separately by specifying the pipeline name.

This project can take advantage of multiprocessing to evaluate numerous combinations of *qubits*, *depths* and *shots*.
To use this, you have to explicitly call the individual pipelines.
In summary this will look as follows:
```
kedro run --pipeline prepare
kedro run --pipeline measure --env dask --runner quafel.runner.MyParallelRunner
kedro run --pipeline combine
kedro run --pipeline visualize
```

> which will calculate the duration and result for each configuration.

Reviewer: This does not make it properly clear. Please consider explicitly mentioning, that the "measure" pipeline is executed in a multiprocessing style. You might also consider adding a note, why this is not possible for one of the other pipelines.

For details on the output, see the [Data Structure Section](#floppy_disk-data-structure).

> Note that if you want to re-run e.g. the `visualize` pipeline, you have to re-run the `prepare` pipeline as well!.

Reviewer: Please consider adding a reason for this as this does not seem to be intuitive.

Author: explained and created issue #69

## Data Structure :floppy_disk:

- [data/01_raw](data/01_raw):
  - **Versioned** [Evaluation Matrix](data/01_raw/dataset.json) containing all valid values for ```frameworks```, ```qubits```, ```depths```, and ```shots``` as specified in the [data_generation.yml](conf/base/parameters/data_generation.yml) file.
- [data/02_intermediate](data/02_intermediate):
  - Evaluation Partitions split into single ```.csv``` files.
  - The number of partitions depend on the configuration.
- [data/03_qasm_circuits](data/03_qasm_circuits/):
  - A QASM circuit for each partition.
- [data/04_execution_results](data/04_execution_results/):
  - Simulator results of the job with the corresponding id.
  - Result formats are unified as a dictionary with the keys containing the binary bit representation of the measured qubit and the normalized counts as values.
  - Results are zero padded, so it is ensured that also state combinations with $0$ probability are represented.
- [data/05_execution_durations](data/05_execution_durations/):
  - Duration for the simulation of the job with the corresponding id.

>   - Duration is only measured for the execution of the simulator

Reviewer: What do you mean here? What is skipped from measuring the duration and why do you need two points on this?

>   - Combining and post-processing results (to obtain the dictionary representation) is not involved

Reviewer: What do you mean with involved? Isn't it about what is *contained* in those folders?

pytest
mkdocs build
```
</details>

## Usage :rocket: 

Without any configuration needed, you can execute
```
kedro run --pipeline prepare
```
followed by
```
kedro run
```
and a default pipeline should run. In this and following examples the leading `poetry run` is omitted for simplicity.

Note that is required to always run the `prepare` pipeline in advance to any actual processing pipeline.
This is because of the current implementation relies on dynamically created nodes that are depending on the configuration and therefore requiring two separate pipeline executions.

In summary, the following pipelines exist:
- `prepare` : generates all possible combinations of configurations based on the current parameter set
- `measure` : performs the actual time measurement by executing experiments for each of the previously generated configurations with the ability to parallelize processing

> - `ctmeasure` : if the `measure` pipeline failed of was cancelled, use this pipeline to resume

Reviewer: Small typo:

```suggestion
- `ctmeasure` : if the `measure` pipeline failed or was cancelled, use this pipeline to resume
```

- `combine` : gathers all the results from the `measure` pipeline and combines them into a single output dataset
- `visualize` : takes the combined experiment results and generates your plots

The `default` pipeline covers `measure`, `combine` and `visualize`.
You can run them separately by specifying the pipeline name.

This project can take advantage of multiprocessing to evaluate numerous combinations of *qubits*, *depths* and *shots* in parallel in the `measure` pipeline.
To use this, you should explicitly call the individual pipelines.
In summary the whole experiment will then look as follows:
```
kedro run --pipeline prepare
kedro run --pipeline measure --runner quafel.runner.MyParallelRunner
kedro run --pipeline combine
kedro run --pipeline visualize
```

Here, only the pipeline `measure` will utilize multiprocessing and the rest will run single process.
We recommend this approach since there is no advantage by running the other pipelines in parallel as well.
Of course, you can run the `measure` pipeline in a single process as well by omitting the `--runner` option.

For details on the output, see the [Data Structure Section](#floppy_disk-data-structure).

> Note that if you want to re-run e.g. the `visualize` pipeline, you have to re-run the `prepare` pipeline as well!.

Reviewer: Please decide if you want to use the period or exclamation mark :)

### Tweaking the Execution behaviour

Everything related to executing the circuits and time measurments is contained in the ```data_science``` namespace.
Head to [conf/base/parameters/data_science.yml](/conf/base/parameters/data_science.yml) to specify a framework and set e.g. the number of evaluations.

### Tweaking the Visualization

By now, there is no specific Kedro-style configuration.
The generated plots can be adjusted using the `design` class located in [src/quafel/pipelines/visualization/nodes.py](src/quafel/pipelines/visualization/nodes.py).
Propagating these settings to a `.yml` file is on the agenda!

### Pipeline :eyeglasses:

You can actually see what's going on by running
```
poetry run kedro-viz
```
which will open a browser with [kedro-viz](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-viz) showing the pipeline.

## Data Structure :floppy_disk:

- [data/01_raw](data/01_raw):
  - **Versioned** [Evaluation Matrix](data/01_raw/dataset.json) containing all valid values for ```frameworks```, ```qubits```, ```depths```, and ```shots``` as specified in the [data_generation.yml](conf/base/parameters/data_generation.yml) file.
- [data/02_intermediate](data/02_intermediate):

>   - Evaluation Partitions split into single ```.csv``` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Evaluation partitions split into single ```.csv``` files.
```

```python
bitstrings = [format(i, f"0{self.n_qubits}b") for i in range (2**self.n_qubits)]
```
<!-- 
## :runner: Dask Setup

When running
```
poetry run kedro run --pipeline `measure` --env dask --runner quafel.runner.DaskRunner
```
without any additional configuration, Kedro creates Dask scheduler and also four worker nodes.
This behavior can be controlled in [conf/dask/parameters.yml](conf/dask/parameters.yml).
Setting the address parameter will cause Kedro trying to connect to an existing scheduler at the specified address.
You create scheduler and $N$ workers by running `.vscode/spawn_n_workers.sh -N` from the root folder of the project.

> Alternatively set `n_workers` in [conf/dask/parameters.yml](conf/dask/parameters.yml) and comment out `address` to specify the number of workers that kedro should spawn. -->

Reviewer: Please remove in case you don't want it anymore.
